<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xhtml"
		xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
		xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
		xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
		xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">


	<h3>Decimal Format</h3>
	<p>
		You can use DecimalFormat to parse and format various numbers in any locale.
		Use DecimalFormat(pattern) constructor to create new formatter.
		The formatter consists of pattern and symbols. Symbols can be changed using specific API.
	</p>
	<p>
		<b>Example:</b>
		<br/>
		new DecimalFormat(##.##).setDecimalSeparator(,)
	</p>
	<h3>Structure of the pattern:</h3>
	<table style="border-spacing:5px;">
		<tr>
			<td>
				pattern
			</td>
			<td>
				positivePattern {;negativePattern}
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				positivePattern
			</td>
			<td>
				{prefix}integer{.fraction}{suffix}
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				negativePattern
			</td>
			<td>
				the same structure as for the positivePattern
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				prefix
			</td>
			<td>
				\\u0000’..’\\uFFFD’ - characters
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				suffix
			</td>
			<td>
				the same structure as for the prefix
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				integer
			</td>
			<td>
				'#'*'0'*'0'’
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				fraction
			</td>
			<td>
				'0'*'#'*
			</td>
		</tr>
	</table>
	<p>
		<b>Used notation:</b>
		<br/>
		0 is used for minimum integer digits denotion, # - for maximum.
		<br/>
		{} means optional, * - repetitive (zero or more times)
	</p>
	<p>
		<b>Example:</b>
		<br/>
		for pattern #,##0.### the number 123456789.123 can be formatted as 123,456,789.123
	</p>
	<p>
		If optional negativePattern is absent, then positivePattern is prefixed with the localized minus sign.
		We use negativePattern to specify negative prefix and suffix.
		Such characteristics as number of digits, minimal digits and other are the same as in the positivePattern.
		So we do not obliged to specify negativePattern if it the same as the positivePattern except minus(‘-’) sign.
	</p>
	<p>
		Digits, separators, prefixes, suffixes and others may be set to arbitrary values. But be careful when setting the strings and symbols.
		They must be distinct and cannot collide. For example, if group and decimal separators are the same formatter will not be able to parse
		the number.
	</p>
	<p>
		Grouping separator is a constant number of digits used to separate thousands or ten-thousands (in some countries). 
		Do not use various number of digits between two group separators.
	</p>
	<p>
		You can use the following characters in the formatting pattern:
	</p>
	
	<table style="border-spacing:5px; width:100%;">
		<colgroup>
			<col span="1" style="width: 10%;"/>
		</colgroup>
		<tr>
			<td>
				0
			</td>
			<td>
				a digit - always displayed, even if number has less digits (then 0 is displayed)
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				#
			</td>
			<td>
				a digit, leading zeroes are omitted
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				.
			</td>
			<td>
				decimal separator
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				,
			</td>
			<td>
				grouping separator
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				E
			</td>
			<td>
				separation of mantissa and exponent for exponential formats
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				;
			</td>
			<td>
				separates positive and negative subpatterns
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				-
			</td>
			<td>
				marks the negative number prefix
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				%
			</td>
			<td>
				multiplies by 100 and shows number as percentage
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				&#8240; (\u2030)
			</td>
			<td>
				multiplies by 1000 and shows number as per mille
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				¤ (\u00A4)
			</td>
			<td>
				currency sign - replaced by the currency sign for the Locale.
				Also makes formatting use the monetary decimal separator instead of normal decimal separator.
				¤¤ makes formatting use international monetary symbols
			</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>
				&#8216; (\u2018)
			</td>
			<td>
				marks a quote around special characters in prefix or suffix of formatted number
			</td>
		</tr>
	</table>
</ui:composition>